comic-con international 2013 is coming
up and here's the highlights of the
coolest things to do in see Saturday
Warner Brothers and legendary pictures
will preview their upcoming lineups
which include Godzilla the seventh son
gravity the lego movie and 300 rise of
an empire marble studios president and
producer Kevin feet and many surprise
guests provide an inside look at the
Marvel Cinematic Universe there will be
previous from thor the dark world and
captain america the winter soldier in
other parts of the convention twilight
fanfiction panel a panel featuring
famous Twilight fan fiction writers who
will answer questions about the joys of
writing derivative fiction in the
Twilight fandom and how to keep it fun
how i met your mother the first time
ever the hit sitcom visits comic-con to
kick off its final season with an
exclusive look at the show and a panel
featuring the main cat family guys the
Griffins are back at comic-con for
another hilarious panel and a sneak peek
at season 12 spotlight on Jim Lee DC
Entertainment co-publisher chimley we'll
talk about it 25 years in the comics
industry Plus never-before-seen
illustrations in this engaging panel
masquerade Saturday will also feature
the famous comic-con cosplay masquerade
a talent competition where the best
costumes are shown off and awarded and
those are the highlights for comic con
2013 saturday